agentic-development/wiki/instructions.md, before:

# Wiki Content Creation Instructions for Claude Desktop Agents

**Comprehensive guide for creating wiki-destined content using the Claude Desktop + Claude Code workflow**

## Overview

This document provides Claude Desktop agents with complete instructions for creating content that will be published to the GitHub wiki through the vibe coder agent coordination system.

## When to Create Wiki Content

### ✅ Appropriate Wiki Content
- **System Architecture**: Maybe, although if Claude Code needs to reference this constantly why would I put it in the wiki rather than the agentic development directory?
- **Agent Documentation**: Definitely not in the wiki
- **Development Workflows**: Definitely not in the wiki
- **User Guides**: Yes, this is good, stuff that I will actually need to read, makes sense to be in the wiki.
- **Reference Documentation**: No I think this would be in tuvens-docs, or maybe in the wiki and referenced in tuvens-docs, I'm not sure.
- **Protocol Standards**: Definitely not, agents need to use this constantly.

### ❌ Not Appropriate for Wiki
- **Temporary Work Notes**: Correct, this should be in untrack temp folders in the dev branch locally, to be discarded relatively quickly.
- **PR-Specific Content**: Correct, this should be in untrack temp folders in the dev branch locally, to be discarded relatively quickly.
- **Private Information**: Definitely not in the wiki.
- **Draft Ideas**: Wrong, this is absolutely ideal for the wiki, I mean it is the core function of the wiki at least in the beginning.
- **Implementation Logs**: Stuff like this that is not currently needed by agents, so archived from the main repo, could be moved to the wiki as an archive of past implementation tracking and reports, and converted into fixed product or system documentation.

## Phase 1: Content Creation Workflow

### Step 1: Identify Wiki Content Need
```
Triggers:
- User requests comprehensive documentation or guide
- Draft ideas need collaborative development space
- Brainstorming and conceptual work requires documentation
- User guide or tutorial requested
- Implementation logs need archiving when no longer actively used
```

### Step 2: Create Feature Branch
```bash
# Branch naming convention: {agent-name}/wiki/{descriptive-name}
git checkout dev
git pull origin dev
git checkout -b vibe-coder/wiki/user-getting-started-guide
```

**Branch Naming Examples:**
- `vibe-coder/wiki/user-getting-started-guide`
- `docs-orchestrator/wiki/draft-mobile-integration-ideas`
- `devops/wiki/deployment-troubleshooting-guide`
- `react-dev/wiki/ui-component-design-concepts`

### Step 3: Create Staged Content
Place content in the appropriate staging category:

```
agentic-development/wiki/staging/
├── guides/          # User documentation, tutorials, and how-to guides
├── drafts/          # Draft ideas, brainstorming, and conceptual work
└── archives/        # Archived implementation logs and historical documentation
```

**File Naming Convention:**
- Use descriptive, hyphenated names: `getting-started-guide.md`
- Include content type prefix: `draft-mobile-integration-concepts.md`
- Use consistent terminology: `troubleshooting-deployment-issues.md`

### Step 4: Content Structure Template

```markdown
# [Document Title]

**Brief Description**: One-line summary of document purpose

## Overview
- What this document covers
- Who should read this
- Prerequisites or related reading

## [Main Content Sections]
- Use clear, descriptive headings
- Include code examples where appropriate
- Provide step-by-step instructions
- Add relevant diagrams or flowcharts

## Examples
- Concrete examples of concepts or procedures
- Code snippets with explanations
- Real-world scenarios and use cases

## Related Documentation
- Links to related wiki pages
- References to relevant GitHub files
- Cross-links to user documentation

## Troubleshooting
- Common issues and solutions
- Error messages and fixes
- Where to get additional help

---
**Last Updated**: [Date]  
**Author**: [Agent Name]  
**Version**: [Version Number]
```

### Step 5: Content Quality Standards

#### Technical Writing Requirements
- **Clear Structure**: Logical organization with descriptive headings
- **User-Focused Tone**: Accessible writing for intended audience
- **Complete Information**: Self-contained with necessary context
- **Accurate References**: Valid links and file path references
- **Current Content**: Up-to-date with latest system changes

#### Formatting Standards
- **Markdown Consistency**: Proper heading hierarchy (H1 > H2 > H3)
- **Code Formatting**: Proper syntax highlighting and indentation
- **Link Validation**: Working internal and external references
- **Table Structure**: Well-formatted tables with clear headers
- **List Organization**: Consistent bullet points and numbering

#### Content Validation
- **Technical Accuracy**: Verified procedures and accurate information
- **Completeness**: All necessary information for target audience
- **Clarity**: Understandable by intended readers
- **Usefulness**: Practical value for documentation consumers
- **Maintenance**: Clear ownership and update procedures

## Phase 2: Mobile Artifact Processing

### Mobile Content Creation
When creating content on mobile Claude app:

1. **Save Content Locally**: Create markdown files in project directory
2. **Use Special Markers**: Identify mobile-created content with tags
3. **Transfer to Desktop**: Process content through desktop Claude workflow
4. **Apply Standard Formatting**: Convert to proper staging format

#### Mobile Content Markers
```markdown
<!-- MOBILE_ARTIFACT: Created on [Date] via phone Claude app -->
<!-- WIKI_CATEGORY: [guides/drafts/archives] -->
<!-- PROCESSING_REQUIRED: Desktop formatting and validation needed -->

# [Content Title]
[Content here...]

<!-- END_MOBILE_ARTIFACT -->
```

### Desktop Processing Workflow
1. **Identify Mobile Artifacts**: Search for mobile markers in project files
2. **Validate Content**: Review for completeness and accuracy  
3. **Format Properly**: Apply standard template and formatting
4. **Categorize Correctly**: Place in appropriate staging directory
5. **Remove Mobile Markers**: Clean up temporary processing tags
6. **Follow Standard PR Process**: Create wiki-ready PR as normal

## Phase 3: Pull Request Creation

### PR Creation Requirements
```bash
# Commit with descriptive message
git add agentic-development/wiki/staging/[category]/[content-file].md
git commit -m "docs: add [descriptive title] to wiki staging

- Comprehensive documentation for [topic]
- Includes examples, troubleshooting, and references
- Ready for wiki publication via vibe coder sync"

# Push and create PR
git push origin [branch-name]
gh pr create --title "Wiki Content: [Descriptive Title]" \
  --body "$(cat <<'EOF'
## Summary
Add comprehensive [topic] documentation to wiki staging.

## Content Overview
- **Category**: [guides/drafts/archives]
- **Target Audience**: [users/developers/general]
- **Scope**: [brief description]

## Quality Checklist
- [ ] Content follows template structure
- [ ] Technical accuracy verified
- [ ] Links and references validated
- [ ] Formatting standards applied
- [ ] Mobile artifacts properly processed (if applicable)

## Wiki Publication
Ready for vibe coder agent review and GitHub wiki synchronization.

🤖 Generated with [Claude Code](https://claude.ai/code)
EOF
)" \
  --label "wiki-ready,documentation,[agent-name]" \
  --base dev
```

### Required PR Labels
- **`wiki-ready`**: Indicates content ready for wiki synchronization
- **`documentation`**: Standard documentation label
- **`[agent-name]`**: Agent responsible for content creation

### PR Review Process
1. **Self Review**: Validate content completeness and quality
2. **Wiki Category Check**: Confirm appropriate staging directory
3. **Link Validation**: Test all internal and external references
4. **Format Verification**: Ensure consistent formatting and structure
5. **Ready for Sync**: Add `wiki-ready` label when complete

## Phase 4: Coordination with Vibe Coder Agent

### Handoff Process
Once PR is created with `wiki-ready` label:

1. **Automatic Detection**: Vibe coder agent monitors for wiki-ready PRs
2. **Content Review**: Vibe coder validates quality and completeness  
3. **Wiki Synchronization**: Content synced to GitHub wiki repository
4. **Index Update**: Wiki index and organization updated
5. **Staging Cleanup**: Temporary staging files removed from main repo
6. **PR Completion**: PR merged with minimal permanent changes

### Communication Protocol
- **PR Comments**: All coordination via PR comment threads
- **Status Updates**: Vibe coder provides sync status and any issues
- **Quality Issues**: Feedback provided for content improvements
- **Success Confirmation**: Notification when wiki publication complete

## Error Handling and Recovery

### Common Issues
- **Invalid Category**: Content placed in wrong staging directory
- **Missing Information**: Incomplete documentation requiring additional details
- **Format Problems**: Inconsistent formatting or broken links
- **Duplicate Content**: Content that overlaps with existing wiki pages

### Recovery Procedures
1. **Address Feedback**: Make requested changes based on vibe coder review
2. **Update PR**: Push corrections to same branch and PR
3. **Re-validate**: Ensure all quality standards met
4. **Confirm Ready**: Re-add `wiki-ready` label after corrections

### Emergency Procedures
- **Content Removal**: Process for removing inappropriate or outdated content
- **Rollback Process**: Steps for undoing problematic wiki changes
- **Quality Escalation**: When to involve additional agents or manual review
- **Branch Recovery**: Handling corrupted branches or failed syncs

## Best Practices

### Content Development
- **Start with Outline**: Plan document structure before writing
- **Write for Audience**: Consider who will read and use the documentation
- **Include Examples**: Provide concrete examples and use cases
- **Link Strategically**: Reference related documentation and resources
- **Plan for Maintenance**: Consider how content will be updated over time

### Workflow Efficiency  
- **Batch Related Content**: Create multiple related documents in single PR
- **Reuse Templates**: Leverage established formatting and structure patterns
- **Validate Early**: Check links and formatting before PR creation
- **Clear Communication**: Provide detailed PR descriptions and context
- **Follow Conventions**: Adhere to established naming and organizational patterns

### Quality Assurance
- **User Testing**: Validate documentation with intended users
- **Regular Updates**: Keep content current with system changes
- **Link Maintenance**: Regularly check and update reference links
- **Feedback Integration**: Incorporate user feedback and suggestions
- **Content Review**: Have user-facing content reviewed for clarity

## Success Validation

### Content Quality Metrics
✅ **Completeness**: All necessary information included  
✅ **Accuracy**: Technical information verified and current  
✅ **Clarity**: Understandable by target audience  
✅ **Usefulness**: Practical value for readers  
✅ **Maintainability**: Clear ownership and update procedures  

### Workflow Efficiency Metrics  
✅ **Fast Creation**: Streamlined content development process  
✅ **Quality Review**: Effective validation before wiki publication  
✅ **Clean Repository**: Minimal permanent files in main repo  
✅ **Easy Navigation**: Clear organization and findable content  
✅ **Mobile Support**: Effective processing of mobile-created content  

---

**Last Updated**: 2025-08-15  
**Maintained By**: Vibe Coder Agent  
**Version**: 2.0 - Corrected content guidelines alignment  

*These instructions enable Claude Desktop agents to create high-quality wiki content focused on user guides, draft ideas, and archived documentation through the established branching and coordination workflow.*

Commit message:

docs: convert casual language to professional tone while preserving requirements
- Translated user feedback into clear, authoritative statements
- Maintained all original content decisions and requirements
- Removed conversational language ("Maybe", "Definitely not", "I'm not sure")
- Preserved the core insight that draft ideas ARE ideal for wiki
- Kept agent docs/workflows/protocols in agentic-development directory
- Professional documentation tone throughout

agentic-development/wiki/instructions.md, after:

# Wiki Content Creation Instructions for Claude Desktop Agents

**Comprehensive guide for creating wiki-destined content using the Claude Desktop + Claude Code workflow**

## Overview

This document provides Claude Desktop agents with complete instructions for creating content that will be published to the GitHub wiki through the vibe coder agent coordination system.

## When to Create Wiki Content

### ✅ Appropriate Wiki Content
- **System Architecture**: High-level overviews and conceptual documentation. Detailed specifications that agents need frequent access to should remain in the `agentic-development` directory.
- **Agent Documentation**: Not suitable for the wiki. Agent roles, capabilities, and interaction protocols belong in the `agentic-development` directory for fast agent access.
- **Development Workflows**: Not suitable for the wiki. Branching strategies, coordination patterns, and operational procedures belong in the `agentic-development` directory.
- **User Guides**: Ideal for the wiki. Getting started documentation, tutorials, and how-to guides for human users.
- **Reference Documentation**: Location depends on usage patterns. Consider placement in `tuvens-docs` or wiki based on access frequency and audience.
- **Protocol Standards**: Not suitable for the wiki. Safety rules, quality standards, and compliance procedures that agents need constant access to belong in the `agentic-development` directory.

### ❌ Not Appropriate for Wiki
- **Temporary Work Notes**: Should be kept in local, untracked temporary folders and discarded when no longer needed.
- **PR-Specific Content**: Should be kept in local, untracked temporary folders during development.
- **Private Information**: Not suitable for the wiki. Sensitive configuration, credentials, or internal-only content should never be stored in the wiki.
- **Draft Ideas**: Highly suitable for the wiki. The wiki serves as the primary collaborative space for brainstorming, preliminary concepts, and idea development.
- **Implementation Logs**: Can be archived to the wiki when no longer actively needed by agents. Historical tracking can be converted into system documentation for reference purposes.

## Phase 1: Content Creation Workflow

### Step 1: Identify Wiki Content Need
```
Triggers:
- User requests comprehensive documentation or guide
- Draft ideas need collaborative development space
- Brainstorming and conceptual work requires documentation
- User guide or tutorial requested
- Implementation logs need archiving when no longer actively used
```

### Step 2: Create Feature Branch
```bash
# Branch naming convention: {agent-name}/wiki/{descriptive-name}
git checkout dev
git pull origin dev
git checkout -b vibe-coder/wiki/user-getting-started-guide
```

**Branch Naming Examples:**
- `vibe-coder/wiki/user-getting-started-guide`
- `docs-orchestrator/wiki/draft-mobile-integration-ideas`
- `devops/wiki/deployment-troubleshooting-guide`
- `react-dev/wiki/ui-component-design-concepts`

### Step 3: Create Staged Content
Place content in the appropriate staging category:

```
agentic-development/wiki/staging/
├── guides/          # User documentation, tutorials, and how-to guides
├── drafts/          # Draft ideas, brainstorming, and conceptual work
└── archives/        # Archived implementation logs and historical documentation
```

**File Naming Convention:**
- Use descriptive, hyphenated names: `getting-started-guide.md`
- Include content type prefix: `draft-mobile-integration-concepts.md`
- Use consistent terminology: `troubleshooting-deployment-issues.md`

### Step 4: Content Structure Template

```markdown
# [Document Title]

**Brief Description**: One-line summary of document purpose

## Overview
- What this document covers
- Who should read this
- Prerequisites or related reading

## [Main Content Sections]
- Use clear, descriptive headings
- Include code examples where appropriate
- Provide step-by-step instructions
- Add relevant diagrams or flowcharts

## Examples
- Concrete examples of concepts or procedures
- Code snippets with explanations
- Real-world scenarios and use cases

## Related Documentation
- Links to related wiki pages
- References to relevant GitHub files
- Cross-links to user documentation

## Troubleshooting
- Common issues and solutions
- Error messages and fixes
- Where to get additional help

---
**Last Updated**: [Date]  
**Author**: [Agent Name]  
**Version**: [Version Number]
```

### Step 5: Content Quality Standards

#### Technical Writing Requirements
- **Clear Structure**: Logical organization with descriptive headings
- **User-Focused Tone**: Accessible writing for intended audience
- **Complete Information**: Self-contained with necessary context
- **Accurate References**: Valid links and file path references
- **Current Content**: Up-to-date with latest system changes

#### Formatting Standards
- **Markdown Consistency**: Proper heading hierarchy (H1 > H2 > H3)
- **Code Formatting**: Proper syntax highlighting and indentation
- **Link Validation**: Working internal and external references
- **Table Structure**: Well-formatted tables with clear headers
- **List Organization**: Consistent bullet points and numbering

#### Content Validation
- **Technical Accuracy**: Verified procedures and accurate information
- **Completeness**: All necessary information for target audience
- **Clarity**: Understandable by intended readers
- **Usefulness**: Practical value for documentation consumers
- **Maintenance**: Clear ownership and update procedures

## Phase 2: Mobile Artifact Processing

### Mobile Content Creation
When creating content on mobile Claude app:

1. **Save Content Locally**: Create markdown files in project directory
2. **Use Special Markers**: Identify mobile-created content with tags
3. **Transfer to Desktop**: Process content through desktop Claude workflow
4. **Apply Standard Formatting**: Convert to proper staging format

#### Mobile Content Markers
```markdown
<!-- MOBILE_ARTIFACT: Created on [Date] via phone Claude app -->
<!-- WIKI_CATEGORY: [guides/drafts/archives] -->
<!-- PROCESSING_REQUIRED: Desktop formatting and validation needed -->

# [Content Title]
[Content here...]

<!-- END_MOBILE_ARTIFACT -->
```

### Desktop Processing Workflow
1. **Identify Mobile Artifacts**: Search for mobile markers in project files
2. **Validate Content**: Review for completeness and accuracy  
3. **Format Properly**: Apply standard template and formatting
4. **Categorize Correctly**: Place in appropriate staging directory
5. **Remove Mobile Markers**: Clean up temporary processing tags
6. **Follow Standard PR Process**: Create wiki-ready PR as normal

## Phase 3: Pull Request Creation

### PR Creation Requirements
```bash
# Commit with descriptive message
git add agentic-development/wiki/staging/[category]/[content-file].md
git commit -m "docs: add [descriptive title] to wiki staging

- Comprehensive documentation for [topic]
- Includes examples, troubleshooting, and references
- Ready for wiki publication via vibe coder sync"

# Push and create PR
git push origin [branch-name]
gh pr create --title "Wiki Content: [Descriptive Title]" \
  --body "$(cat <<'EOF'
## Summary
Add comprehensive [topic] documentation to wiki staging.

## Content Overview
- **Category**: [guides/drafts/archives]
- **Target Audience**: [users/developers/general]
- **Scope**: [brief description]

## Quality Checklist
- [ ] Content follows template structure
- [ ] Technical accuracy verified
- [ ] Links and references validated
- [ ] Formatting standards applied
- [ ] Mobile artifacts properly processed (if applicable)

## Wiki Publication
Ready for vibe coder agent review and GitHub wiki synchronization.

🤖 Generated with [Claude Code](https://claude.ai/code)
EOF
)" \
  --label "wiki-ready,documentation,[agent-name]" \
  --base dev
```

### Required PR Labels
- **`wiki-ready`**: Indicates content ready for wiki synchronization
- **`documentation`**: Standard documentation label
- **`[agent-name]`**: Agent responsible for content creation

### PR Review Process
1. **Self Review**: Validate content completeness and quality
2. **Wiki Category Check**: Confirm appropriate staging directory
3. **Link Validation**: Test all internal and external references
4. **Format Verification**: Ensure consistent formatting and structure
5. **Ready for Sync**: Add `wiki-ready` label when complete

## Phase 4: Coordination with Vibe Coder Agent

### Handoff Process
Once PR is created with `wiki-ready` label:

1. **Automatic Detection**: Vibe coder agent monitors for wiki-ready PRs
2. **Content Review**: Vibe coder validates quality and completeness  
3. **Wiki Synchronization**: Content synced to GitHub wiki repository
4. **Index Update**: Wiki index and organization updated
5. **Staging Cleanup**: Temporary staging files removed from main repo
6. **PR Completion**: PR merged with minimal permanent changes

### Communication Protocol
- **PR Comments**: All coordination via PR comment threads
- **Status Updates**: Vibe coder provides sync status and any issues
- **Quality Issues**: Feedback provided for content improvements
- **Success Confirmation**: Notification when wiki publication complete

## Error Handling and Recovery

### Common Issues
- **Invalid Category**: Content placed in wrong staging directory
- **Missing Information**: Incomplete documentation requiring additional details
- **Format Problems**: Inconsistent formatting or broken links
- **Duplicate Content**: Content that overlaps with existing wiki pages

### Recovery Procedures
1. **Address Feedback**: Make requested changes based on vibe coder review
2. **Update PR**: Push corrections to same branch and PR
3. **Re-validate**: Ensure all quality standards met
4. **Confirm Ready**: Re-add `wiki-ready` label after corrections

### Emergency Procedures
- **Content Removal**: Process for removing inappropriate or outdated content
- **Rollback Process**: Steps for undoing problematic wiki changes
- **Quality Escalation**: When to involve additional agents or manual review
- **Branch Recovery**: Handling corrupted branches or failed syncs

## Best Practices

### Content Development
- **Start with Outline**: Plan document structure before writing
- **Write for Audience**: Consider who will read and use the documentation
- **Include Examples**: Provide concrete examples and use cases
- **Link Strategically**: Reference related documentation and resources
- **Plan for Maintenance**: Consider how content will be updated over time

### Workflow Efficiency  
- **Batch Related Content**: Create multiple related documents in single PR
- **Reuse Templates**: Leverage established formatting and structure patterns
- **Validate Early**: Check links and formatting before PR creation
- **Clear Communication**: Provide detailed PR descriptions and context
- **Follow Conventions**: Adhere to established naming and organizational patterns

### Quality Assurance
- **User Testing**: Validate documentation with intended users
- **Regular Updates**: Keep content current with system changes
- **Link Maintenance**: Regularly check and update reference links
- **Feedback Integration**: Incorporate user feedback and suggestions
- **Content Review**: Have user-facing content reviewed for clarity

## Success Validation

### Content Quality Metrics
✅ **Completeness**: All necessary information included  
✅ **Accuracy**: Technical information verified and current  
✅ **Clarity**: Understandable by target audience  
✅ **Usefulness**: Practical value for readers  
✅ **Maintainability**: Clear ownership and update procedures  

### Workflow Efficiency Metrics  
✅ **Fast Creation**: Streamlined content development process  
✅ **Quality Review**: Effective validation before wiki publication  
✅ **Clean Repository**: Minimal permanent files in main repo  
✅ **Easy Navigation**: Clear organization and findable content  
✅ **Mobile Support**: Effective processing of mobile-created content  

---

**Last Updated**: 2025-08-15  
**Maintained By**: Vibe Coder Agent  
**Version**: 2.1 - Professional tone with corrected content guidelines  

*These instructions enable Claude Desktop agents to create high-quality wiki content focused on user guides, draft ideas, and archived documentation through the established branching and coordination workflow.*
